GitHub - Creating new organization and add members

Step 1  - + sign menu > "New Organization"

Step 2  - Set the Organization Name, add a Billing Email, click "Create Organization"

Step 3  - Search for your collaborators to invite them, collaborators check email and accept invitation

Step 4  - Organization creator makes collaborators as Administrators

Step 5  - Go to Organization page on GitHub, click "Create New Repository"

Step 6  - Give repository a name, make it Public, and check "Initialize with Readme"

Step 7  - All members open up repository and then click "Fork" button

Step 8  - Open command line, navigate to your local folder where you want the project to live using cd

Step 9  - Copy your GitHub URL and type in the following to setup your local clone

	git clone [https://github.com/[user-name]/[project-name].git

Step 10 - Navigate inside local project folder using cd

Step 11 - Check remote using following command (should see two lines returned, fetch and push)
	git remote -v

Step 12 - On GitHub.com, click the link to go your Organization page, then copy the Clone/Download URL

Step 13 - In command line, type the following to setup your upstream

	git remote add upstream [https://github.com/[organization-name]/[project-name].git

Step 14 - Check remote using following command (should see four lines returned, make sure username is origin and organization-name is upstream

	git remote -v

Step 15 - git status (check that the new file has been created). 

Step 16 - Add file with "git add -A".
	git status again (see that your branch is up-to-date)

Step 17 - "git commit -m 'added index.html'". git status again. You'll see that your branch is ahead.

Step 18 - "git push origin master" - will push the changes to the fork (NOT to the upstream)

Step 19 - Go to GitHub page (with your name - your fork). 
	We pushed some code up and we want to tell people. Make a pull request. 
	It will notify everyone in the organization that you made a pull request and will show the other members what code is new, what code has changed. 
	You can add comments to the pull request. 
	It will check the ability to merge automatially.

Step 20 - Somebody needs to merge it in. Not the person that made the request.
	Merge pull request. Confirm merge.

Step 21 - Not everyone has the most up-to-date information. So go to console and type "git pull upstream master" to get the 

Step 22 - "git push origin master". "git status"